today on the foot wash we're gonna make
spicy pot bibimbap
hello everyone in your friend Korean
food or you love watching Korean dramas
this episode would be my special gift
for you today we cook together the
famous bibimbap and make it even better
with passing Marnie Pok let's get
started first of all we'll start off by
preparing our ingredients because a
sibling lips passing marinate pork
everything will be in general Ismet
surely choose the freshest vegetables
now with thinly sliced half a cucumber
after that cut half the lettuce iceberg
crosswise the veggies can be stored
substitute so feel free to make some
change it will be light soon then cut
two minam tomatoes in half and cut them
into even wedges
I'm not really good it is spicy first so
Tomatoes will be mine lifesaver and also
julienne a carrot to go with dish if you
can fight other fancy words in your
local Asian market such as Scorpio
radish kimchi then cut them into small
pieces and you're good to go
now we cut one medium onion into wedges
onion will be the perfect companion with
a spicy pork to add more sweetness and
texture to it to make it even more
flavor finely chop some cows birth don't
worry we're so close the eating part you
want even but you contain lots of
flavors and texture riff fresh juicy and
spicy for the part got about 200 grams
into bite-sized pieces and we'll finish
with the preparations now just take a
look on a colorful place with all the
fresh vegetables this look really yummy
put them in the fridge to give their
freshness while we continue cookie other
things now move on to the pot to make
the marinade in a mixing bowl put in 1
tbsp gochujang or Korean red pepper
paste 1 tablespoon soy sauce 1
tablespoon white sugar about 1 tbsp
lemon juice finely chopped garlic and
sprinkle with a little bit black pepper
using a spoon mix together until all the
ingredients that combine this marina
smells really good
this time I'm using this as married for
care but you can also use it as sauce to
mix with the rice gently put in the pork
and mix well to combine make sure you
leave it there for at least 20 minutes
before cooking so depart and absorb all
the stunning flavors
once the pump is ready heat a frying pan
over medium-high heat and drizzle a
little bit seasoned oil put in onions
and close the listener for two to three
minutes and just soften fraggin gently
add the marinade pour and listen to that
beautiful style young nest in the pain
continue stirring for six to eight
minutes and to Scottsville and has that
gorgeous porgy red color Thunder hits
and be patient the Sun minutes left and
we will enjoy yield back deliciousness I
promise to assemble our specific leaving
back leg nice bed of lettuce iceberg on
a place after that carefully arrange
other prepare vegetables on top of the
lettuce today have carrots tomatoes
cucumber and I will also add some
tablespoon of sweet corn just use your
creativity to miss the match the colors
yo are beaming back will look much more
appetizing and our mission is complete
then journey leg cooked right rice on
top and in the center with colorful
vegetables and finally top the rest with
our lovely and aromatic spicy pork and
also a thinly sliced Brucie with a
cesium sit on top you want this time
will keep my baby up simple like this
and Sarah we have here our colourful
mouth-watering spicy papaya is delicious
spicy even also nutritious with so many
coverage tables I don't want to destroy
your lovely look but sorry I have to eat
you been bad just drizzle a little bit
seasoned oil on top and enjoy your
beaming back with more kochujang missing
me missing and your everything is caught
by the red color and take a huge spoon
YUM
I hope you didn't watch it in the middle
of the night if that's the case I'm
really sorry I didn't intend to make you
hungry anyway good luck with the risk
eat in Bon Appetit I will see you in my
next video bye